295396 update install adapter section (#38)
osisoft/PI-Adapter-RDBMS-Docs: content/main/shared-content/installation/install-using-docker.md

---
uid: InstallUsingDocker
---

# Installation using Docker

Docker is a set of tools that you can use on Linux to manage application deployments. This topic provides examples of how to create a Docker container with the adapter.

> **Note:** If you want to use Docker, you must be familiar with the underlying technology and have determined that it is appropriate for your planned use of the adapter. Docker is not required to use the adapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If you want to use Docker, OSIsoft recommends that you both be familiar with the underlying technology and have determined that it is appropriate for your planned use of the adapter. Docker is not required to use the adapter.
```
